Commencing first run.
Today we're gonna get lidar data
across the bubble boundary.
We've had a lot of instruments
showing that there's a bubble
that's centered right there
on those towers.
- Fire the Tesla guns.
- All right.
We're looking for interactivity between
the blob and the bubble boundary.
Dude. look at that. 33 megahertz.
This is coming from the sky.
- Fire.
- There it goes.
Whoa. that one just changed direction.
Something literally pushed
the tail of the rocket.
Let's see what's going on here.
Something pushed that rocket
at the same height as the Tesla coil.
Maybe it's the blob.
Now. that's crazy.
There is a ranch in Northern Utah.
It is considered the epicenter
of the strangest and most
disturbing occurrences on Earth.
For two decades.
the federal government
investigated the property.
Their findings
have never been made public.
Right there! We got something!
Now a new team
of independent scientists
and researchers are taking over.
They are uncovering evidence
that the countless stories...
It came right out of the mesa.
Of unidentified aerial phenomena...
UAP right there!
Bizarre energies...
It looks like there's
a heat source right above 'em.
And portals that lead
to other dimensions...
We're maybe looking at the anomaly
for the first time. guys.
Might actually be true.
They will stop at nothing to reveal...
The Secret of Skinwalker Ranch.
Hey. Pete.
Thanks for jumping on.
Hey. guys.
I've got some data to show you
from the lidar scans
we took the other day during drilling.
Can't wait to see it.
A couple days ago. we had Pete Kelsey
help us run a multi-device
lidar scanning experiment
as we were drilling
a vertical borehole in the mesa.
We wanted to see
if the massive giant anomaly
we call "the bubble"
would appear like it has before
during our past drilling operations.
Made us wonder if our efforts
to reach the huge.
possibly metallic object
buried in the mesa
is triggering the bubble to appear.
So. as we drilled in the mesa.
Pete was flying
in Cameron Fugal's helicopter.
performing a lidar scan
at a constant elevation of about 200 feet.
Meanwhile. Kaleb set up
a stationary lidar scanner
on the ground at the triangle.
I want to show you
the scans from the ground first.
Okay.
I overlaid all of the scans
that Kaleb took on the ground.
So. here. we're looking
at four of the terrestrial
laser scans at the triangle.
The first thing you might notice is.
there's no evidence of the bubble
in any of these scans.
Okay. Well. that could confirm
that the bubble is not always there.
That's interesting.
The next thing you might notice
is. these blue icons
show the scanner position
according to the GPS in the scanner.
Now. what this shows is. there's about...
an 80-foot difference
between the first scan and the last scan.
which doesn't make any sense
because we didn't move the scanner.
Whoa.
Wow.
The GPS systems
on these lidar scanners
are programmed to be precise.
so the huge discrepancy in Pete's data
shouldn't be possible.
Especially since he didn't
even see the bubble
show up in his scans.
So. the next bit I'll show you
is the lidar that was mounted
on the helicopter.
- Yep.
- Okay.
So. what we're seeing is the GPS data
that the scanner took from the helicopter.
which was maintaining
a constant altitude
of about 200 feet above the mesa.
But look here at this data
just east of the drill site.
The GPS data says we rose in altitude.
even though we never changed altitude.
Yeah. there's a hump
there in the flight path data
that's probably 50 to 100 foot
higher in altitude.
I know Cameron was trying
to stay at the same altitude.
so I wonder what caused the hump
towards the eastern side of the bubble.
Exactly.
That's two lidar instruments
at different points in the bubble
that all recorded completely warped data.
So. were they affected
by something in the bubble
or by our drilling operation in the mesa.
or was it both?
As always. Pete. it's. good stuff.
What do you say we go check in
with the drillers out there?
All right. let's get with it.
All right. Take care. guys.
I'll see you out there soon.
- See you later. man.
- Yeah. thanks. Pete.
- Hey. fellas.
- What's up?
Later that afternoon.
we headed up to the mesa.
where the Triple A Drilling team
was making good progress
on our latest
24-inch-diameter vertical borehole.
We're at 53 feet deep.
In the next 30 feet here.
we've got the best shot of intersecting
- with Borehole 2.
- Right.
We are estimating it to be anywhere
from 55 to 85 feet depth.
That means we've got a great shot
at bringing up more
of that ceramic-like material.
That would be very valuable.
The hole is several feet south
of where our lateral drill was destroyed
last year in Borehole 2
when it hit something really hard.
What the hell is this?
This is ceramics.
And that's right where we discovered
those interesting ceramic materials.
We already drilled one vertical hole
in that area this year
and didn't find anything.
so we're hoping
we have better luck here.
We can reach a maximum depth
of 90 feet with this rig.
so. fingers crossed.
we'll find more ceramics
along with irrefutable evidence
of whatever this massive buried object is.
I'm gonna bring my screen
right over here.
and I'm gonna start taking samples
- out of everything that comes out.
- All right.
And if we hit anything
that's manufactured.
that's not natural. we're gonna stop
- and we'll assess that.
- All right.
I'd say we get back to work.
All right.
As the drilling continued deeper
and new core samples
came up to the surface...
Chris and Kaleb
were carefully searching them
- for clues.
- So. look for metal.
look for the ceramic-like material.
- Yeah.
- Look for anything that is not natural
within this stuff.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
What?
Hey. Kaleb. look at this. we got metal.
Whoa.
Tom. Tom.
- Have them stop.
- Kill the drill?
Yeah.
- What? -Come look at this.
- We got something
you got to get a look at.
We got metal.
Completely flat.
That looks like it's...
I mean. that's a flake.
Thomas to the science tent.
We've got something pretty interesting
that is coming out
of the spoils down here.
You guys want to come down here
and check this out?
Heck yeah. we do.
Absolutely. We'll be right down.
What are we looking at?
We got metal
that matches our thin metal.
- Hey.
- Okay.
This was just sitting
right on top of our last level.
60 to 70 feet.
Wow.
Take a look at that. Does that look like
anything that would be
coming off the machine.
through the wear?
Completely different stuff.
The stuff that we see that comes off
from the drill is usually shiny.
'cause it's just getting ripped off.
And you can see that this has rust on it.
which means it's not the newer
metal we see on the drill.
All right. gotcha.
Well. you know.
this looks an awful lot like
the material we pulled out down below.
The only caveat is.
this looks a lot thinner.
It's-it's like one layer of it.
As thin as it is.
you can still see. it's layered.
- There's two layers stacked on.
- I... That's what
I'm noticing. It looks just like
the layered materials we found already.
That's fantastic. guys.
What is that?
The metal flakes
Chris just found in the spoils
look very similar to what
we pulled out of the mesa
back in 2021.
Yeah. we definitely want to analyze that.
When we got the metal tested
at the University of Utah.
we were all shocked to learn
these materials appeared manufactured
and contained elements like iron.
aluminum. europium and tellurium.
Believe it or not.
the same kinds of elements
are used to make modern spacecraft.
So. are these metal flakes
more of the same material?
And if so. could we be close
to figuring out
what's actually buried in there?
I've got to get that XRF
instrument on this material.
That could tell us what elements
these are made of.
- Fantastic.
- You guys put the core bit
back on and see if we can get
any kind of chunks out of there.
- Okay.
- Yeah. I want to see
- more of it. so...
- Yes.
Let's get to work.
Absolutely fantastic. guys.
Hell yeah.
- So let's. dump this.
- Okay.
- I got the metal. It's just in a baggie.
- Okay. Okay.
- Two pieces in there.
- And this is all we've got so far. right?
This is all we got so far.
While drilling continued below
the 70-foot level in the borehole
and new core samples were brought
- to the surface...
- There we go.
Erik and Chris scanned the metal flakes
with a portable XRF machine.
It uses X-rays to determine
the elemental composition of objects.
Let's give it a shot.
It's nice to have the XRF instrument.
It's really convenient to have a device
for analyzing samples on the spot.
This is interesting.
I'm really looking for
any of the trace elements
that showed up in. previous work.
because if it is similar
material. it could mean
it's part of a larger object
inside the mesa.
Okay. we are seeing
a lot of light element.
We've got the iron and aluminum.
The relatively high abundance
of. iron and aluminum
- lines up with what we've seen before.
- Right.
But. look. what
I'm not seeing in this analysis
is the europium.
I don't see tellurium.
- like we've seen in those past metal samples.
- Yeah.
But I think the right
thing for us to do is to get
this material and any more that you find
into a more powerful microscope
in the lab
where we have that elemental. analysis
and mapping capability.
We need to get more of this material
and whatever else we can
bring up from this hole.
Well. I think I need to head down there
and see what else we find. too.
- There could be more.
- Yeah.
- It's pretty impressive.
- All right.
- I'll be back.
We need to get these samples
to the university for analysis
because we may be able
to determine the origins of these metals
inside the mesa.
Anything?
- No. not that I'm seeing. but...
- Okay.
I don't have an eye like you. Chris.
At 70 feet. we found metal pieces
that clearly didn't belong
in the sandstone mesa.
But as Chris searched the next
15 feet of drilling cores.
he couldn't find any more signs of metal.
ceramics or anything strange.
All right. just finish off the last few feet?
Yeah. sounds good.
The drill could only reach 90 feet.
so it was do-or-die time
for this hole at that point.
What the heck just happened?
- We just broke a hose?
- Yep.
That thing was spraying like crazy.
It's spraying.
Blew a hydraulic line.
Right-right from that neck there?
- It looks like it.
- Yeah. yeah.
So. you saw where it was leaking.
- Think you'll be able to fix it. on-site?
- No.
No drilling. right?
- I don't see it turning.
- No.
Hey. Thomas. you copy?
Go ahead. Erik.
What's going on down there?
The drill broke a hydraulic line.
and they're not gonna be able
to fix it today.
Do you know the.
the depth we're at right now?
We're about at 86 feet.
Four feet from. being at the bottom.
Yeah. copy that.
I say we get down there.
Is it messed up?
Yeah. It's messed up.
Yeah. the drill only goes down to 90 feet.
so I think pretty much shoots
that third hole in the foot.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Right?
The drill breaking
down is a minor setback.
The real problem here is
understanding why we found
a couple of small pieces of rusted metal
that may be some kind
of manufactured material.
and in the same general area
that we found the ceramics.
Is it possible that we just nicked
one of the smaller anomalies
that our GPR data showed
surrounding the main object?
I'm happy with the fact that we found
something in this hole. so...
- Absolutely. metal came out of this hole.
- Yep.
All we can be sure of at this point
is that these metal samples
need to be tested in a lab
and we have to drill another
hole as soon as possible.
So the corrective action
is you-you got to get
some replacement parts?
Yeah. so we'll. we'll hustle.
try to get this into town
before anybody closes.
Sounds like we're done for the day.
Yeah.
That's frustrating.
- How's it going. fellas?
- Lovely.
How are you?
- Good to have you back.
- It was gonna be
a few days before the drill was repaired.
so the next day we invited Allen Isdell
and the team from LOC Precision
rockets back to the ranch
for a new. specialized rocket
experiment at the triangle.
You know. there's
an ongoing discussion about why
we love to launch so many rockets
out here at the triangle.
and I would say it's because rockets
are one of the simplest and best tools
- to investigate this airspace.
- Yep.
We did an experiment with drones.
and the data suggests
that there's some kind
of weird magnetic anomaly
at about 750 to at least 1.000 feet high.
directly above the launch tower.
Drones are rolling.
During a drone swarm experiment
a couple of weeks ago...
Looks like the swarm
is getting movement
all throughout the formation.
Whoa! It almost hit it.
The drones went haywire
when they encountered
something giving off a massive
amount of electromagnetic energy
between 750 and 1.000 feet.
In addition. several of our experiments
have helped us gather more evidence
of some kind of invisible blob
31 feet high above the triangle
that seems to physically divert
small rockets. electricity.
and even smoke away from the area.
So. since the triangle is at
the dead center of the bubble.
tonight we want to gather more data
on whatever is lingering there
in both of those areas.
We'll also be able to gather
more data in the zone
where Pete's lidar scanner
showed all those GPS errors
at the triangle.
So that's why today
our hopes are to launch
as many rockets as we can get up
through our areas of interest
with all the high-speed assets
recording it.
Yeah. we've got you covered.
We've got a couple motors ready.
We can push it up above
the 3.200 mark.
That's gonna be fantastic.
The plan is to launch
different-sized rockets
right through our two target zones:
the 31-foot mark of the blob
and the 750-to-1.000-foot zone
where we've detected
that electromagnetic anomaly.
Some of these rockets
will be able to go even higher.
up to a max altitude of about 3.500 feet.
which we believe
is above the top of the bubble.
They'll be outfitted with instruments
to measure things like
their airspeed. GPS position.
and even if they encounter
electromagnetic charges.
This will help us record data
that we can compare both inside
and outside of the bubble.
All right. well. we still
got a lot of setup to do.
- Let's just go do it.
- Let's get after it.
I got to set my stuff up
back at the command center.
- Let's get moving.
- Okay.
- This one looks good.
- In addition
to that rocket data. we'll also be using
several high-speed cameras
positioned all around the triangle.
Yeah. I think we're good. guys.
Some of these will be feeding directly
into Erik's Meta-Frame video software.
which will allow us to catch
things in the processed data
we might not notice
with the naked eye in real time.
- These should be ready to go.
- Fantastic.
You know. what we should do is...
let's start with one of the smaller rockets
like the ones we usually use
during our experiments.
Let's get 'em loaded. let's launch.
All right. let's go.
All right. we're
getting ready to launch. guys.
- Call Erik.
- Rockets are hot. Erik.
Copy that. Thomas.
For the first launch.
we're using a smaller rocket
without instruments
that can go 1.500 feet high.
- All right.
- That one's hot.
Let's clear out. We're hot. Everybody out.
We just want to test if it can
actually make it through
the 31-foot blob area
and the 750-to-1.000-foot area
without getting damaged or diverted.
All right. five. four.
three. two. one.
It wiggled.
It wiggled. Did you see that?
Big-time.
It appeared that the rocket
wiggled going up.
Yeah. what I saw.
looked like something was pushing on it.
Yep.
All right. so. we need
to get someone up there
and get the rocket.
Yeah. I'll go grab it.
Right after launching.
the rocket started shaking
like something stunted its thrust.
and then it veered off from the triangle
and broke apart like
it collided with another object.
Wow. Look at that.
The parachute actually
just ripped right out.
It actually broke the plywood.
- Well. that's interesting.
- Would that be more
- of the chute charge?
- I wonder if we got too much power.
I don't know. Let's talk
to those guys and see.
Check this out. Ripped the bulkhead out.
- Okay.
- Why?
- I don't...
- Here.
- Here you go. Look.
- Doesn't happen that often. but yeah.
See how it just
ripped it right out down there?
- That takes a lot of force.
- Whoa.
- Isn't that weird?
- Wow. -Yeah.
- That's...
- That is weird.
The last time you were here.
we had that one blow apart.
- Right.
- We've had a bunch do that...
- And that cord ripped apart.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Which happened
about the same spot
we saw this rocket wiggle.
Right.
That's the third rocket this year
that not only got pushed away
from the 31-foot mark above the triangle
but also had its interior
parachute cord severed.
Those things can take
up to 500 pounds of force.
So. given that
the rocket broke apart. too.
could it have been destroyed
by the blob?
What do you want us
to prepare for next?
Well. I think it's time
to try one of the larger rockets
with instruments on it.
- Let's get some hard data.
- Okay.
- We'll get that ready.
This six-foot-tall
rocket has telemetry instruments
that will allow us to track its speed.
altitude and GPS location in real time.
and it'll reach an altitude of 3.500 feet
with a lot more thrust.
- All right. Need an igniter? Got it?
- Igniter.
It should be able to pass
straight up through both zones of interest
unless something physically stops it.
And if that happens.
we should be able to confirm
where it actually occurred.
Erik. we're ready to go
with the second rocket launch.
- Are you ready?
- Copy that.
I'm ready at the command center.
- Here we go.
- Going hot.
Going in five. four. three.
two. one.
My god.
- That one went. dude.
- Holy smokes.
- How high?
- 22...
Last altitude: 2.284 feet.
Chute. We got a chute.
So that's about
200 feet above the bubble.
Now. that rocket
cruised up there with ease.
but it was strange
how it maxed out at 2.200 feet.
It should have gone
more than 1.000 feet higher.
I've got my eyes on it. It has not moved.
Look. it's stalled right there. It's stalled.
It's like it's stuck at the top of the bubble.
Right as our rocket
was descending back down
to the triangle. it suddenly looked like
it was being held still
by something about 2.000 feet in the air.
That's the exact height
we've determined for the bubble
in our past experiments.
So is that what stopped it
from reaching max altitude
and then grabbed ahold of it
as it started to descend?
Ooh. It's coming down now.
23 feet per second fall rate.
Okay.
The rocket is now
northwest at 39 degrees.
Holy crap. look at that.
It's falling away from the triangle.
That's a heavy rocket.
It should be coming straight down.
2.000 feet.
Just. it land... it landed 2.000 feet away.
- No way.
- It landed 2.000 feet.
- It's right at the edge of the bubble.
- It landed
on the edge... north edge of the bubble.
Erik. that rocket just landed
2.000 feet away from where it launched.
Now. that's suggestive. isn't it?
Yeah.
If you watched it fall.
it looked like it was just sliding down
the edge of the bubble.
Okay. copy that.
That rocket launched
from the dead center of the bubble.
but when it came back down.
it fell like it was sliding down something
until it landed on the ground
2.000 feet away.
That's the exact distance
from the center of the triangle
to the edge of the bubble.
That's too crazy to be a coincidence.
You know what? Let's go launch
another one of the big rockets.
This time let's use the one
- with the high-speed cameras on it.
- Okay.
Erik. be advised. they're walking out
to the launchpad right now.
Okay. we're gonna launch the rocket
- with the cameras on it.
- Yeah. copy that.
For the next rocket launch. we have
a rocket with an upward-facing
and downward-facing action camera
that allows us to see from both
in the direction that the rocket is traveling
as well as looking back down
towards the triangle.
You can come forward. Got it.
We're hoping to document
those weird effects
from the bubble again.
as well as our primary targets
we've called "the blob"
and that magnetic anomaly
from 750 to 1.000 feet.
All right.
Erik. be advised.
the rockets are on the pad.
we're ready to go.
Are you ready for a launch?
Yeah. Thomas. I'm standing by. ready.
Everything's running.
Pads armed. In five.
four. three. two. one.
Wow. Golly. that dude is up there. man.
Hang on a minute.
It ain't gonna open.
Something's happened
to the chute again.
Shoot.
Something's happening
to the chute again.
She's flapping. Hang on a minute.
That sounded...
That did not sound good at all.
You want to try and find it. Thomas?
- Yeah. I'll go grab it.
- We need that
'cause that has camera footage on it.
Dang.
After a five-foot rocket
flew straight up through
the center of the bubble
and reached more than
3.000 feet in the air.
something made
its parachute get tangled
and it crashed to the ground.
Hey. Travis.
Cameras from the rocket are good to go.
Copy that.
I can't wait to check that video.
Luckily. the cameras
seemed to be intact.
So maybe we captured
something that might
help us figure out what happened.
Hey. guys. we're burning
daylight pretty quick.
so let's reset everything
for night launches.
- Okay.
- Let's do it.
Now we got pad three.
After those crazy daylight launches.
we're gonna wait for the sun to go down
before we launch any more.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
If things like the blob or UAPs above it
are physically affecting these rockets.
we might have a better chance
of seeing them against the night sky.
All right. I think we're ready.
Before it gets too dark.
everybody just meet
back here at the tent.
All right. next up
is the rocket with the coil.
The coil rocket. Let's go.
One of the customized
rockets for this experiment
has been equipped
with a coil of copper wire
to assist in the measurement of
any unusual magnetic conditions.
So. as the rocket passes through
that magnetic anomaly
between 750 and 1.000 feet.
we'll see if any voltages
are being generated
that we can record
and try to better understand
what could be causing them.
All right. Are the other
instruments ready to go?
Yep. we're good.
In addition to the copper coil.
this rocket will also have the
same data-tracking instruments
like altitude. speed and GPS.
That way. we can compare
the rocket's flight data
to any magnetic anomalies
it encounters above the triangle.
We are hot.
All right. Erik. we are ready
to launch in. ten seconds.
- Copy that. Travis.
- Going in five.
four. three.
two. one.
Wow.
3.400 feet.
It's dropping fast.
The chute is not deploying.
Guys. she's coming in hot.
That's crazy.
- That's a heavy-duty lawn dart.
- Yep.
My god.
Dang.
All right. I'm gonna go get
in my jeep and go get it.
- Kaleb. you want to go with me?
- Yes.
I think it's on the other side of the canal.
This is the third time today
that the parachute
on one of the rockets we launched
didn't deploy like it should have.
We couldn't see anything in the moment
that might explain it.
So what the heck happened?
My gosh.
Thing's. like. three feet in the ground.
Look. that's... they didn't...
the chute didn't...
It didn't even unfurl.
All right. let's see.
Goddang. it's in there. dude.
You got it.
God. look at the dirt in that. too. though.
- Dang.
- That's nuts.
At least the cone is in one piece.
Hopefully. that means we should be able
to get good data out of it.
I wonder why that.
that failed the way it did.
Unlike the last rocket
that seemed to have a tangled
parachute after it deployed.
this one's didn't deploy at all.
Could that mean something up there.
maybe in the electromagnetic zone.
shorted out the rocket's systems?
Hopefully. we can recover data
to help us figure out
if this was a malfunction
or something much stranger.
Thomas. why don't you guys
get the final rocket ready
with the LED lights?
That'll be our last launch for the evening.
Copy that. We'll get going on it now.
Yeah. copy. I'll be standing by.
The final rocket has been
outfitted with external.
very bright LED illumination.
This illumination enables us to really see
the full trajectory of the rockets
on our cameras much better
than earlier in the day
and see if there are
any anomalous changes
on the way up or the way down.
All right. on goes the light.
Nice.
We will be able to compare that
to the flight path data
from the instruments
on the rocket itself.
That's awesome. dude.
- How we doing. fellas?
- We're. we're good.
All right. Heck yeah.
The rocket is hot on the launch tower.
We're gonna launch this thing
in less than ten seconds.
Copy that. Standing by for launch.
On you. Allen.
Systems armed.
going in five.
four. three. two. one.
- Wow. - Now. that's a rocket.
- Wow.
That was freakin' awesome.
Holy crap. look at that.
That thing's still going.
- Chute. We got a chute.
- Chute. Yeah.
It's straight overhead right now.
What elevation's it at?
2.200.
- 22?
- Yeah.
So it's just about
to hit the bubble boundary.
It's at 2.200 feet right now. Erik.
Copy that. 2.200.
- Look at that. hey.
- Look at that.
What's going on here?
Look at that.
It looks like it's suddenly veered off
in a different direction.
- Yeah.
- Yep.
Dude. that thing's way over there.
Where is it going?
Damn. you see that?
Yeah. look at that.
It looks like it's suddenly veered off
in a different direction.
Yeah. It looked like
it jetted the wrong direction.
Now it looks like it's drifting away
- outside the bubble boundary.
- Yeah.
Dude. that thing's way over there.
Yeah. Travis. at the current rate of travel.
looks like it might end up
over here close to my location
- at the command center.
- Wow.
Once again.
we had a rocket fly straight up through
our zones of interest just fine.
But then. on descent.
it started falling away from the triangle
like it was sliding down
along the bubble boundary.
Yep. it landed before the trees.
That's really close
to the bubble boundary.
Yeah. that is awesome.
Erik. that was our final launch
and another crazy one.
All right. guys. I'm gonna head out.
We'll. meet up out at the science tent.
Yeah. Erik. we'll see you
out here in a minute.
After every rocket we launched
tonight was coming back down.
it seemed like the top of the bubble...
or something up there
at the 2.000-foot level...
stopped us from collecting more data.
What an unusual evening.
I'm ex... really excited to go look at
the high-speed data
on all these launches.
Can't wait to see that.
Yeah. well. I. you know.
I... I got to get the data
off the rocket systems.
I want to get back over
to the command center
and. start analyzing data.
- Perfect.
- All right. Well. let's.
start packing some of this stuff up
and let's call it a night.
- What do you say?
- I'm ready.
- Let's get it.
- All right.
Been a long day.
You guys ready to look
at some rocket data?
- Yeah.
- I want to take us back
to the second rocket
that we launched during the day
- with the cameras mounted on it.
- Okay.
This is the camera
mounted to the rocket.
We're looking back down at the ground.
- Awesome.
- Nice.
Now. as you recall. this is the one
where the chute didn't deploy correctly.
- Yeah.
- Right.
So I'm gonna play
it through at normal speed.
- Man. look at that.
- That's cool.
- It's up there. too. Look at that.
- Wow.
Okay. so we should
hit the chute charge...
there it is.
And then we get
the 3D pendulum motion
- until it hits the ground.
- Yeah. so...
so I-I would. I would say that's as close
to our textbook version
of how things should go.
Nothing obvious to explain why
a chute wouldn't deploy.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- Well. let's watch
this thing as it goes up frame by frame.
Okay. so we've got an ignition.
Yeah. that's amazing.
Okay. and now I'm just
moving one frame at a time here.
Now. see how... we're still only about
ten or 15 feet up right here.
maybe getting close to the 30-foot mark.
Yeah. things are changing.
Wait. what is that?
Back it up and let's see
- where... how that... where... okay.
- Okay.
- That's one frame back...
- One frame.
- One forward.
- Look at part
of the rocket exhaust. That's horizontal.
That's in the wrong direction.
Okay. so let's keep going.
frame at a time.
- Look at that.
- And it separates.
It sure does. In one frame.
Whatever it is. it's fast. too.
- Look. there's nothing else doing this.
- Wow.
Like something went through
the plume from underneath it.
Yeah. and pushed it out.
That's exactly what it looks like.
It looks like something
went through the plume. yeah.
Like you shot an arrow or a bullet
through it or something.
That's an odd event right there.
The slow-motion video
clearly shows something
moving rapidly through
the rocket's exhaust flames
shortly after it launched.
And it's directly over the area
where Pete's lidar scanner
was showing
those strange GPS readings.
So. could we have caught
whatever was affecting
our lidar scanner at the triangle?
And could this also be connected
to whatever prevented
the parachute from deploying?
Now I have. another
launch here that I want to share with us.
- Great.
- This is gonna be Meta-Frame.
So this is one of our
night launches. of course.
This is the rocket we had with the coils
to detect magnetic anomalies.
We had the camera mounted
on the inside of the rocket...
looking at that sensor to record changes
in the magnetic field.
So. you typically just expect to see zero?
No. you'd-you'd expect
to see some small changes.
like the two digits. probably.
If it starts getting
really big numbers. then...
then it means it went through
a really strong magnetic field.
I'll just let it play through at.
normal speed.
So we are in flight.
Did you see it jump
right there? Look at that.
There were some big. big spikes.
There was a spike.
- Ooh. look at that. 270-something.
- I saw it. 273.
273 right there.
We are clearly seeing a voltage...
which means that.
that coil is cutting through
- a magnetic field.
- That's exactly right.
What have we found up there?
That's a really good question.
The rocket with
the copper coil that we launched
above the triangle
detected an electric field
that was several times higher
than what you would normally see
in the natural environment.
So. even though the bubble stopped us
from collecting as much data
as we wanted.
we did get enough
to confirm that there is
some kind of electromagnetic
anomaly high above the triangle.
The experiment worked.
Now we just need to map it
to the altitude.
- Exactly.
- So. what altitude is it?
Right. so I've got
what I need to do that.
Let's take a look at that flight data.
That's the data
from the rocket's flight path?
Yeah. So. what we're looking at here
is the altitude data from the Kate system.
What we had was
the boost phase here in red.
In purple. this is the rocket
continuing upward.
The green is tracking the descent.
- Okay.
- Okay. so keep in mind.
this one did not do
- a successful chute deploy.
- That's right.
So. if you match the voltages
- to these dots...
- I can.
Okay.
We can see at what height
we got the voltage spike.
And I already calculated it.
and the spike in the voltage
started at this dot which is at 750 feet.
right where the drones went
wonky a couple of weeks ago.
- Interesting.
- Okay. -Wow.
So. not only did this experiment produce
more evidence
of an electromagnetic anomaly
above the triangle.
but also it's located about 750 feet high
and might go as high as 1.000 feet.
That's pretty much
dead center of the bubble.
That area might be
interfering with the equipment.
Yeah.
It might have messed up the rockets
during this experiment
and the drones last week.
Yeah. and is that
because it's passing through
that zone there
and that's a possible effect?
Could be.
I'm intrigued about that.
- For sure.
- Well. before we wrap up
our review. there's something
I want to show you
from the last launch we did.
This is some video that was taken
with the night vision camera.
Yeah. so there's our launch.
And then we have
the chute deploy right here.
Chute. We got a chute.
- Whoa.
- Yeah. I saw something...
- Right there. -Yep.
- Back that up.
What. what was that?
Okay.
- There it is.
- Yes.
We'll go frame by frame.
I don't know what that is.
- That's weird.
- That's not a bug.
Okay.
So what do you make of it?
I don't know what to make of that.
We may have caught something here.
and I-I can't tell you what I think that is.
I don't know what that is.
I don't know if that light
was some sort of UAP or what it was.
But the fact that it showed up
just after the rocket chute
was deployed is interesting.
Because that's when we saw the rocket
suddenly veer off in a different direction.
We thought it might be
from making contact
with the bubble's top boundary.
But could it have been from
a collision with this thing?
If so. what was it?
And where in the heck did it come from?
Well. look. you know. we've reviewed
quite a few launches and.
quite a few different kinds of data here.
It's always been interesting.
It just keeps getting more interesting.
Lot of ways to. to study
the space. you know.
right there above the triangle.
I think we should conduct
a lot more experiments
- in that space.
- Yeah.
Certainly. it would be
interesting to figure out
- what some of these anomalies really are.
- Yeah.
- I'm sure we'll come up with something.
- Great.
- Good.
- All right.
- All right. That's a great review.
Yeah. it was a great review.
We've done so much in that space
just above the triangle.
and. you know.
sometimes we see things.
Unexpected things. play out
whenever we energize that space
with rockets.
We're allowing ourselves
to be led by the data
because it has a lot to teach us
about what we're dealing with.
This effort can be
both exciting and frightening.
Do our experiments trigger or activate
this energetic force
that lies above the triangle?
And the way that our equipment
continues to be manipulated
by unknown. unseen forces
is something that demands answers.
The evidence is
mounting with each experiment
that the bubble may be the center
of all the phenomena
we're investigating out here.
From the blob to all the UAPs
and even whatever's in the mesa.
the bubble just might be
the common thread.
So. one way or another.
we're not stopping until we figure it out.
We got down to 40 foot?
We should hit that anomaly
we were looking for.
Whoa. look here.
That's a piece of metal.
It's been in the mesa for a while.
I've got some movement
on a light source near Homestead Three.
Approaching Homestead Three
with a drone.
- Have you seen this?
- What are those lines?
That's heat.
It's like somebody's got a furnace on.
There's something
moving around in there.
Is anybody in there?
- We're gonna go check it out.
- All right. go.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm